hello_mcp: mcpToolTrigger
word_add_comment: mcpToolTrigger
word_add_heading: mcpToolTrigger
word_add_page_break: mcpToolTrigger
word_add_paragraph: mcpToolTrigger
word_add_picture: mcpToolTrigger
word_add_table: mcpToolTrigger
word_apply_table_alternating_rows: mcpToolTrigger
word_auto_fit_table_columns: mcpToolTrigger
word_copy_document: mcpToolTrigger
word_create_custom_style: mcpToolTrigger
word_create_document: mcpToolTrigger
word_delete_paragraph: mcpToolTrigger
word_find_text: mcpToolTrigger
word_format_table: mcpToolTrigger
word_format_table_cell_text: mcpToolTrigger
word_format_text: mcpToolTrigger
word_get_all_comments: mcpToolTrigger
word_get_comments_by_author: mcpToolTrigger
word_get_comments_for_paragraph: mcpToolTrigger
word_get_document_info: mcpToolTrigger
word_get_document_outline: mcpToolTrigger
word_get_paragraph_text: mcpToolTrigger
word_get_text: mcpToolTrigger
word_highlight_table_header: mcpToolTrigger
word_list_documents: mcpToolTrigger
word_list_templates: mcpToolTrigger
word_merge_table_cells: mcpToolTrigger
word_merge_table_cells_horizontal: mcpToolTrigger
word_merge_table_cells_vertical: mcpToolTrigger
word_search_and_replace: mcpToolTrigger
word_set_table_alignment_all: mcpToolTrigger
word_set_table_cell_alignment: mcpToolTrigger
word_set_table_cell_padding: mcpToolTrigger
word_set_table_cell_shading: mcpToolTrigger
word_set_table_column_width: mcpToolTrigger
word_set_table_width: mcpToolTrigger
